Quick reference for Scrum activities for this project:
two definitions for various aspects of Scrum and slightly different vocabularies.
https://www.h2kinfosys.com/blog/difference-scrum-alliance-and-scrum-org/

https://www.dragonspears.com/blog/agile-project-using-scrum-methodology

https://www.atlassian.com/agile/project-management/user-stories
Also, Scrum Requirements slides cover these same items. plus,
https://www.knowledgehut.com/tutorials/scrum-tutorial/user-stories) 

https://medium.com/chris-nielsen/sprint-burndown-charts-gone-wrong-e06382acd276

PO adds the user stories to the product backlog and the whole team grooms them based on priority

Sprint duration is 1 week; ends the last hour of the last class session of that calendar week.

Sprint planning: Recurring 1st day of each sprint, time box for 15 minutes the first day of the sprint 
      Revisit sprint goal; update as necessary
      Select the Product Backlog user stories to be delivered in the sprint (includes a review/discussion of the stories/estimation)
          Break them down as necessary to <4 hour tasks

Daily Scrum/Standup: Recurring daily during sprint, time box for 15 minutes. 
      Add a 16th minute for additional collaboration, time box for 15 more minutes and dismiss any team members not necessary for discussion

The last hour of the last class day of a sprint
      Backlog grooming: max 30 minutes, (not limited to the scope of a single sprint;
          meant to ensure the highest priority backlog items are detailed enough and estimated so they can be used in Sprint Planning; 
          ideally, enough stories are detailed for at least 2 sprint’s worth of work so you have enough for the next sprint 
          plus more if you can pull additional work into the next sprint)
      Sprint review: max 15 minutes; this is akin to acceptance testing with the customer/product owner.
      Sprint retrospective: Remainder of the last hour (min 15 minutes). 
          team discusses changes to daily routines, definition of done, ways to improve (e.g. training and or pair programming participants).
          
 Backlog Grooming (at the end of a sprint):
The product backlog should have already been prioritized by the PO going into this exercise.
Do you have enough stories detailed out for the next sprint? If yes, do enough for one more sprint or till time runs out.
If no, detail out at least enough for the next sprint (even if you go over on time some). The PO and SM should take action to improve the backlog.
Talk through each story: (also see INVEST https://www.knowledgehut.com/tutorials/scrum-tutorial/user-stories) 
What are the words behind the words
Risks/Constraints/relationship to other stories in list
What is the acceptance criteria (may only need this for the main story but helpful to have it for the subtasks/substories as well)
Can we estimate to be < 4 hours (if no, keep discussing or break into multiple stories)
Estimate it (in hours based on definition of done)

Sprint Planning (at the start of the next sprint)
Revisit the sprint goal and adjust as necessary based on the highest priority product backlog items
Make sure all stories associated with the sprint’s goal are estimated,
Prioritize them within the sprint
Add stories to the sprint backlog until the target performance estimate is reached (and no more)

Sprint Review - 
PO/Scrum Master should have a list of acceptance criteria available based on the stories selected for the sprint during sprint planning
Step through each acceptance criteria; any feedback can be captured as a new task/story in the product backlog for the PO to prioritize. 
These then get pulled into the next sprint's planning if high enough priority.
Once approved, deploy the software

Sprint Retrospective - 
Everyone writes down up to 3 things the team did well and then discusses them (eliminating duplicates)
Everyone writes down up to 3 things the team could do better and then discusses them (eliminating duplicates)
The Scrum Master and the PO do not get to contribute but they do attend (this varies among Scrum implementations)
The SM then tracks these items and helps the team remember them going forward.

